
1- All Java classes are part of a package. A Java class can be explicitly defined in a namedpackage; otherwise, it becomes part of a default package

2-the package statement must appear exactly once in a class.

3- Type of comments :
Multiline comments /* --------*/
End-of-line comment //
Javadoc comments /* */ -----> special comments and processed by Javadoc

-----------

-------Main method----
The method must be marked as a public method.
■The method must be marked as a static method.
■The name of the method must be main.
■The return type of this method must be void.
■The  method  must  accept  a  method  argument  of  a String  array  or  a  variableargument (varargs) of type String.

In main method -----> both public static and static public are the valid order

For the exam, it’s important to note that you can’t use the import statement to accessmultiple classes or interfaces with the same names from different packages

---------------
A  top-level  class  is  a  class  that  isn’t  defined  within  any  other  class can't be protected or private
-------------------

Public access modifier are accessible across all packages


The members of a class defined using the protected access modifier are accessible to
■Classes and interfaces defined in the same package
■All derived classes, even if they’re defined in separate packages




------- Page 56----------------
If class StoryBook tries to instantiate Book using a reference variable and then tries to access its pro-
tected variable author and method modifyTemplate() , it won’t compilefazet yghaltouA derived class can inherit and access protected members of its base class,
regardless of the package in which it’s defined. A derived class in a separate package can’t access protected members of its base class using reference
variables.
-------------------------------------


private members are not accessible outside the class in whichthey’re defined. private members are accessible only to the classes and interfaces inwhich they’re defined




1 - If you add the keyword abstract to the definition of a class, it can’tbe instantiated. 

2 - An abstract class may or may not define an abstract method.But a concrete class can’t define an abstract method.

3- An interface is an abstract entity by default. 

4 - An abstract  method  doesn’t  have  a  body.  ( just signature and return type)

5 - None of the different types of variables (instance, static, local, and method parame-ters) can be defined as abstract.

6 - A class that’s marked final can’t be extended by another class.

7- An interface can’t be marked as final. 

8 - A final variable can’t be reassigned a value. It can be assigned a value only once.

9 - A final method defined in a base class can’t be overridden by a derived class. 


